Please, I want to teach someone a lesson
What's your business?
Get away from me
They are my radishes
Do you dare to touch him?
You say go away about me
Boss because the boss of Dynasty Entertainment
Isn't it someone else?
How could it be him?
Boss Chen bought Dynasty
He Malway is now my new boss
Why do you have an opinion?
at a glance
Jianglong does not press the ground and is tall
I will give you this face today.
OK
Ye Linger, this is not over
We will have an appointment later.
you
Apologize to me.
Ah!
2 Boss, are you all right?
It's okay bro
Who is this guy?
You seem to be afraid of him
He is the eldest lady in the provincial capital industry
Powerful
Although Qianlong does not suppress the local snakes
But if the industry is serious
We are not rivals
Not provincial capitalists say that
You are a professional family
I was the baby girl of the Ye family
Linger is my illegitimate daughter born to Master Ye
Linger was abused by Ye Lili since she was a child
So we escaped from Ye's house
Escape here